
	Akexa NYC Subway Skill Terms and Conditions of Use



	1. Terms



	By accessing this skill, you are agreeing to be bound by these 
	web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, 
	and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local 
	laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from 
	using or accessing this site. 



	2. Use License




		Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials 
		(information or software) on Alexa MTA Skill's web site for personal, 
		non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, 
		not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
		

			modify or copy the materials;
			use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
			attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Alexa MTA Skill's web site;
			remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
			transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.

		This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Alexa MTA Skill at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.

	3. Disclaimer



		The materials on Alexa MTA Skill's web site are provided "as is". Alexa MTA Skill makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Alexa MTA Skill does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.

	4. Limitations

	In no event shall Alexa MTA Skill or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Alexa MTA Skill's Internet site, even if Alexa MTA Skill or a Alexa MTA Skill authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.

			
	5. Revisions and Errata



	The materials appearing on Alexa MTA Skill's web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Alexa MTA Skill does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Alexa MTA Skill may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Alexa MTA Skill does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.

